Hire one walk into this video in this video will turn online only angular application into off line
available one by adding a service worker.
And as you will see there's a super easy to do with angular and I will show you how to turn into such
an application and how you can then also configure it to fully meet your needs.
So let's dive in.
We'll start with this very simple angular application here and you can find Dakotah to dead project
attached to this video.
And this is obviously a very well simple not too exciting angular app.
It is rendering a list of blog posts dummy blog posts which are fetched in our app component here from
Jason placeholder.
Or that it's just a page exposing a dummy rest API which you can use to get some demo data to display
on your page.
You can also send Dhami poster requests to them and so on.
But that's not what we'll do.
We'll focus on getting data.
So this is a normal aler app not too many features but it represents a typical angular app.
We've got more than one component and we also got our posts.
And if you watch closely you'll see I'm also using some special fund which I'm actually pulling in my
index team fall here.
I mean importing is Oswald Fornier from Google fonts.
So this is what makes up our killer app.
Now if we inspect that in Chrome we can go to the application tab here and the developer tools and we
can turn this to off line mode which means we're we're still on line.
We don't have to quit our Wi-Fi network but this will simulate that we get no internet connection.
And if I now reload the page Well obviously I get an error that we don't have an internet connection.
If I go back online it works again.
Now let's see how we can actually fix this or change this behavior with the help of a service worker
and how we can easily add such a service broker to the app with angular.